README.md, before:

# Whiteboard

I wanted to challenge myself in being able to build a rich UI experience so I thought a whiteboard application like Google's Jamboard or the Miro

Built using React & [Konva](https://konvajs.org/)

## Features:
- [x] draw
  - [x] change color
  - [x] change line thickness
- [x] erase
- [x] add sticky note
  - [x] selectable and resizable
  - [ ] delete note
- [x] Free text writing
  - [ ]selectable and resizable
- [x] undo
- [x] redo
- [x] keyboard shortcuts
- [ ] pan
- [ ] zoom
- [ ] embed an image and resize it (url only, no uploading)
- [ ] store state in localStorage, reload it on page load

## Roadmap
- simultaneous mutli-user (needs websocket server)
- create new public whiteboard like a codepen/fiddle/etc
  - they
- 

-----
### helpful links:

https://redux.js.org/recipes/implementing-undo-history#using-redux-undo

https://casesandberg.github.io/react-color/

[Font-Awesome 5 Free icons](https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery&m=free)

[Entypo Fonts](http://www.entypo.com/) via IconMoon

Commit message:

lots of updates, working on pan and zoom

README.md, after:

# Whiteboard

I wanted to challenge myself in being able to build a rich UI experience so I thought a whiteboard application like Google's Jamboard or the Miro

Built using React & [Konva](https://konvajs.org/)

## Features TODO:
- [x] draw

  - [x] change color
  - [x] change line thickness
- [x] erase
- [x] add sticky note
  - [x] selectable and resizable
  - [x] able to change font size in note
  - [x] able to change alignment in note
  - [x] able to change background color of note
  - [ ] delete note (add X in top right corner when selected)
  - [ ] NICE TO HAVE: draw within note and it scales with note
- [x] Free text writing
  - [x] selectable and resizable
  - [ ] delete text (add X in top right corner when selected)
- [ ] top nav
  - [ ] undo/redo ui buttons
  - [ ] zoom in/out ui buttons (or maybe this should go by the mini map)
  - [ ] save as image (full size, not just window)
  - [ ] export json
  - [ ] load from exported json
- [x] keyboard shortcuts
  - [x] shortcut for each tool
  - [x] undo
  - [x] redo
  - [x] increase/decrease using `[` `]`
  - [ ] zoom in/out
- [ ] pan
- [ ] zoom
- [ ] Mini map?
- [ ] embed an image and resize it (url only, no uploading)
- [ ] P2P multi-user using [PeerJS](https://peerjs.com/)


-----
### helpful links:

https://redux.js.org/recipes/implementing-undo-history#using-redux-undo

https://casesandberg.github.io/react-color/

[Font-Awesome 5 Free icons](https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery&m=free)

[Entypo Fonts](http://www.entypo.com/) via IconMoon
